We wanted a project that was applicable to the ongoing problem of shortage in medical supplies in numerous hospitals, especially in big cities. In places like this, there are often other hospitals that can provide aid. We decided that we could implement a data system that would enable us to add to inventories, remove from inventories and request specific items from hospitals to mimic a solution to this issue.
The first design that we implemented was a register system. Here a user was allowed to register their hospital and directly create a profile page. This was created using HTML forms and CSS design. The profile was then displayed in the specific page “My Profile” as well as placed into a database within SQL. There are 5 SQL tables that have been used in this project to keep track of the different data.
In addition to displaying the profile, the user is also allowed to look at the About page which has an integrated map and a little description about the company. Hospitals can then update their inventories and remove from their inventories. This is also done through a seperate SQL table called inventory.
In addition to adding to their personal inventory other hospitals can also respond to requests through a response form. The website will then take the data and see if it matches the response and reduce the quantity requested, as it has been supplied by another hospital.
Overall the project is designed to work cohesively to integrate the users personal data and data of other hospitals to create a real-time response forum for hospitals in need of supplies and keeps track of the transactions that occur between these hospitals using SQL. The website was designed using Bootstrap, CSS and HTML.
