This project is run in the CS50 IDE. In order to run our version of MedTech, open the applications.py page and visit the website https://iexcloud.io/. There, create a new account and take note of your API token, this should be a value starting with pk. In the terminal window cd into medtech. Then write the following “export API_KEY= “value”” where value is the token given to you by the website.In order to use the Profiles feature in the website
Then run flask with the command “flask run”. Click on the url that appears in the terminal window and this will take you to a temporary terminal of what the Medtech website looks like. Once you have compiled and configured the project, feel free to look around at our design to see how you are able to log in and share data with other hospitals.
After that the user will be promped to login, and if the user does not have an account, they can proceed to create an account, with a username, password, and password confirmation. After that the user will be redirected to the create profile section, where they will fill out information about their hospital.
In order to utilize the profiles feature in the website click on the Profile drop down menu and click on my profile. Here you can see everything about your particular hospital. To add to the profile click on the feature that you wish to add to and then input it into the form to update it. By clicking profiles you can also see the other hospitals profiles.
In order to request click the request in the drop down menu and fill out the form. Here you can fill out the specifications of your supply that is needed. It will then be posted on a form for other hospitals to view and to aid.
Users can add supplies to their inventory by hovering over the inventory icon and clicking add or remove. To add or remove a supply, they need to supply information about the supply as well as the quantity, which will then be added/removed from their inventory. They can view their inventory, by clicking on the inventory section which will show a list of all supplies and their quantities in the inventory. They can also click on history to see a list of all items added/removed from the inventory as well as the date and time at which they were added/removed.